Release 11.2.2 (#216)
giantswarm/releases: release-notes/azure/v11.2.2.md

> ⚡️ Giant Swarm Release 11.2.2 for Azure ⚡️

Reviewer: Also add link to README like here: https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/pull/218/files

Author: will do that

> This release contains improvements in upgrade procedure.
> We have improved new nodes discovery at the stage, where the cluster size is doubled with new versions of the machines.
> This will make sure that in case of upgrade disruptions, process will follow its original path. 
> 
> To upgrade, please contact your Solution Engineer.
> 
> Below, you can find more details on components that were changed with this release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release contains improvements in the upgrade procedure.
We have improved new nodes discovery at the stage where the cluster size is doubled with new versions of the machines.
This will make sure that in case of upgrade disruptions, the process will follow its original path. 

To upgrade, please contact your Solution Engineer.

Below, you can find more details on components that were changed with this release.
```

# azure-operator v3.0.5

> - new nodes discovery improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the discovery of new nodes.
```

## ⚡️ Giant Swarm Release 11.2.2 for Azure ⚡️

This release contains improvements in the upgrade procedure.
We have improved new nodes discovery at the stage where the cluster size is doubled with new versions of the machines.
We experienced issues with stuck upgrades where not enough quota was available, breaking the state of azure-operator at new nodes discovery. Thanks to improvements no manual action will be needed from Giant Swarm side to recontinue the upgrade when the quotas are met again.

> The release also includes couple of reliability improvements to pre-installed apps such as NGINX Ingress Controller and kube-state-metrics.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The release also includes reliability improvements to these pre-installed apps: NGINX Ingress Controller and kube-state-metrics.
```

Just made it shorter. And made it clear only two apps were changed. Instead of implying that there are more.
